Docs: Use history change basically everywhere (#11571)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/getting-started/send-events.mdx

- **Autocaptured events**, such as any click, change of input, or submission associated with `a`, `button`, `form`, `input`, `select`, `textarea`, and `label` tags

<details>
  <summary>Configuring single-page apps</summary>

>   Because PostHog relies on page loads to capture pageviews, it doesn't work for [single-page app](/tutorials/single-page-app-pageviews) frameworks like [Next.js](/docs/libraries/next-js), [React Router](/docs/libraries/react-router), or [Vue](/docs/libraries/vue-js). Instead, you need to set the `capture_pageview` configuration option to `history_change`. This uses the history API to capture pageviews whenever the user navigates within your app.

Reviewer: Saying "it doesn't wokr" is strong, dont you think? Maybe we should phrase it as "default configuration won't work, but we've got you covered!" or something

Reviewer 2: +1 I would probably go with "requires extra work to configure" or something like it

>   Because PostHog relies on page loads to capture pageviews, it doesn't work for [single-page app](/tutorials/single-page-app-pageviews) frameworks like [Next.js](/docs/libraries/next-js), [React Router](/docs/libraries/react-router), or [Vue](/docs/libraries/vue-js). Instead, you need to set the `capture_pageview` configuration option to `history_change`. This uses the history API to capture pageviews whenever the user navigates within your app.

Author: ```suggestion
  Because PostHog relies on page loads to capture pageviews, it doesn't capture all navigation for [single-page app](/tutorials/single-page-app-pageviews) frameworks like [Next.js](/docs/libraries/next-js), [React Router](/docs/libraries/react-router), or [Vue](/docs/libraries/vue-js). Instead, you need to set the `capture_pageview` configuration option to `history_change`. This uses the history API to capture pageviews whenever the user navigates within your app.
```
